[Music]
I'm going to review this
[Applause]
[Music]
I've got my pop-up bottle opener a
bottle of root beer and disks of Tron
it's time to rock the grid the first
thing that you probably notice about
this arcade machine is how big it is
this is the first sit-down arcade
cabinet that I've ever reviewed on
classic game room and what a game to
review it's disks of Tron from Bally
Midway based on the incredible Tron
movie one of the best movies ever made
and the way this works is quite simple
the first thing you want to do is grab
some root beer or you can grab real beer
if you don't have any root beer now you
sit in the arcade machine like this oh
it's like I'm in the movie Tron except
without the cute blonde chick and the
tight outfit it's actually a very
comfortable place to be I recommend
getting one of these if you have the
room here there's a window on the back
of the arcade cabinet so you can look
through the window and see the game on
the inside being played on the monitor
there's a light-up screen here or
light-up panel there and there's Tron
also a light-up panel and let's enter
this machine together it's a formidable
opponent with a light-up floor so you
take a foot and step in there duck your
head if you're tall like me and here we
go discs of tron inside the machine you
can see there's there's a light down
there and a fabric coated seat back here
discs of Tron was released in 1983 to
the arcades by Bally Midway and unlike
the original Tron game it has just one
Tron game the awesome light-up
glow-in-the-dark frisbee death scene of
course I just got in here and realized I
forgot to grab some tokens
disks of Tron disks of Tron is a
well-known game for those who have
played it because it's incredibly cool
especially these sit down cabinet
version great hang and while this was
ported to some other game consoles like
the Intellivision it's rare to find an
actual sit down discs of tron machine
anymore we play the game by moving tron
around with the joystick and there's a
trigger on the joystick over here which
throws the discs of Tron if you control
the aiming of the discs using this thing
over here so you're doing two things at
once in order to get the best sound
possible I attached the mic to my hat I
forgot tokens again
[Music]
the monitor is below what you're seeing
and you're playing the game off of a
reflection in a mirror which allows for
a cool tron-like image in the background
the cabinet design controls and feel of
the game make you feel like you're in
Tron the movie it just recreates that
style perfectly but what was even harder
than playing this game was trying to
film it this is how I'm playing this
game for the review
[Music]
three days because I don't fit in the
cabinet with the camera
I really recommend actually sitting in
the cabinet instead of on the ground
trying to look through the viewfinder
[Music]
got you
seriously that just killed my neck do
not play like that after a while I just
backed the camera up and zoomed in not
as good but it gets the job done you
don't crack then no I don't regret that
this way I could actually fit inside the
cabinet and play the game like you're
supposed to you run around this Tron
throw disc set your opponent you can
block using the button on the joystick
and you're aiming with the little knob
very creative what I completely forgot
for the later levels in this game is
that you can move the knob up or down to
aim when the levels start moving so next
time I'm out there I'll have to break my
high score again but wow this game
brings back memories and if you see it
you've got to play it and well the audio
is not coming across terribly well in
this review it's very cool in the
cabinet it has a surround sound effect
with speakers in front of you and behind
you I don't know how you'll survive
slave will get you it's only a matter of
time
[Music]
you'll get my foot up your ass yeah you
tell that computer and then forget how
to use the controls
it's disks of Tron one of the all-time
great sit-down arcade cabinets this
machine lives at the pop up world
headquarters professional and amateur
pinball Association so thanks again for
letting me play the game hopefully you
can experience the discs of Tron for
yourself by getting sucked into a
computer and living inside
[Music]
can I Drive this thing home so cool